feat: add stars exercise (#205)
neuefische/web-exercises: sessions/js-loops/stars/README.md

# JS Loops: Stars

Let's build an awesome interactive 5-star rating scale! The goal is to display filled / empty stars depending on the user input. A click on a star should fill all stars up to the clicked one and leave all others empty.

## Task

### Part 1: Render Stars

> Start by render 5 empty stars in the starContainer. For that, wirte the function 'renderStars':

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Start by render 5 empty stars in the starContainer. For that, switch to [`index.js`](./js/index.js) write the function 'renderStars':
```

- Use a for loop inside the function to repeat the following code five times.
  💡 Start the loop with the value 1, not with 0
- Inside the for loop, create an image Element and set the "src" attribute to the path of the empty star image ("assets/star-empty.svg")

> - append the star to the "starContainer".

Reviewer: Well, there is no `assets` folder with this svg file.

### Part 2: Change the number of filled stars

Now we want to render a certain number of filled stars, depending on the input of the function:

> - add an input parameter to the function called "filledStars"

Reviewer: I was confused by the word "input parameter" because I rather thought about an input field / an event listener.

Should we rephrase here like
```suggestion
- refactor the function `renderStars` so that it now accepts a parameter called "filledStars"
```
or something similar?

- use this number to check inside of the loop if a filled or an empty star should be created.
  💡 Use the counter variable of the for loop to check which star is currently created (the first, second, third...)
- depending on whether a filled or empty star should be rendered, set the src of the image element to the filled or empty star image.
- Enter a number between 0 and 5 into the function call of "renderStars" and see if it works as expected!

### Part 3: Implement user input

> But we want the user to decide how many stars should be filled. Let's add an "click" event Listener to every Star to rerender the stars inside the container!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By now, the number of filled stars is set when calling the `renderStars` functions with a number argument.
However, we want the user to decide how many stars should be filled. Let's add a "click" event listener to every star to rerender the stars inside of the container!
```

- Before appending the star element to the starContainer, add a "click" event listener to it.
- Inside the event listener, rerender the stars by calling "renderStars". Pass the correct number to that function in order to render the correct number of filled stars.
  💡 Your loop counter variable might help you!

You are done! 🎉 Five stars to you! ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️

> <!--
> 
> Explaining the task in detail. E.g.:
> 
> Use JavaScript to react to the form submission.
> 
> Log all form data (in object form) into the console in the submit event handler.
> 
> You can use the following hints as guideline:
> 
> - Hint 1
> - Hint 2
> - ...
> 
> Switch to the [`js/index.js`](./js/index.js) file and make something great happen!
> 
> -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
